okay we've got a quick one to observe
today we've got Alice playing as the
Demon Hunter who has his beautiful
little Bolter look at him isn't he's so
fancy with his techno braids and his
golden
Bolter and he's going to be playing
against the Apparently heretical Space
Marines of deos looking very very Roman
right
now with a reef on the
head Reef on the head or Reef on the
ankles what would you prefer gentlemen
what would you
prefer location I you into the
anklet you know that was always a thing
for me for some reason I'm not 100% sure
how it
manifested you know generally one's
preferences will come about based on the
experiences you have in life if you
surround yourself with a load of
successful rappers and they're very
poetic great lyricists and they don't
get involved in crime you'll generally
have quite a favorable view of hip-hop
but if your experiences of people who
listen to hip-hop are that they attempt
to mug you or that they are constantly
being chased by the police and they fail
at school well then your fondness
towards hip-hop will be
diminished yeah I've always had a thing
for
anklets and I've not encountered many
anklets before so I'm not entirely sure
where this fondness may have come
from I do recall an anecdote
though when I was very young I'm not
sure I might have been pre pubescent
don't worry it's not going that
direction I think it might have been
about 10: and we went to a local
swimming pool there might have been a
girl there who was like [__] knows cuz
like when you're 10 girls who look 16
are like really
old deploying
installation they be women you know you
get Muslim about that [__] when you're
10 yo she's looking 16 that's fle BR
post pubescent you know anyway um yeah
she was wearing her hairband on her
ankle and she came out of the pool from
a swim and I was mesmerized my
10-year-old self was truly truly
mesmerized to the point at which I still
have this image in my mind with her tan
SK okay I think that might be where it
came from but yeah the Force Commander
here has got into melee with the Bolter
Demon Hunter and is putting in the work
but not enough not with all the
supporting fire of the IST and the
strike Squad we have devastated as the
option of choice here from deos which I
find so weird against the Demon Hunter
against grey knights in general or the
AO malas if you want to call them such
you Latin so boy it's a bit questionable
because the interceptors are so good
interceptors A bit better damage than
ASM the HP of
ASM same price as
ASM they've got the extra jumping
capability thanks to the support
abilities of the auto malas on the
strike Squad and the global bar Demon
Hunter can give them even more energy
Demon Hunter also can soft counter the
Devastators by going for the armor of
for M itude and then being able to send
these guys into the
wall phasing them out temporarily so
they run through don't get suppressed
and tie up in melee and of course if he
picks up the Power sword as well he can
just go into melee with them if he
fizzes himself out so you've got better
interceptors than any other hero can use
and you've got a soft counter which
becomes available by purchasing the
tanky regen armor on your hero and
getting a tanky regen armor is always
good in your hero so I feel like
Devastators are the worst
Choice well okay no let me reword that I
feel like the Demon Hunter is the best
hero against Devastators out of
om doesn't mean necessarily that
Devastators is still a bad choice
against
him I think it does personally because I
think that Devastators are bad against
Odo malas but in theory if Devastators
were good against Odo malas they could
still be good against him even though
he's the best against Devastators like
he's trying to run into Melly right now
I don't know why he's going to die
he doesn't have that much HP the TA for
some reason didn't go into melee that
was weird that was very brave of the
demon
Hunters but this whole push is a bit
strange because the real gen Farm is
back here not here
so you know you're going to Decap a
contested power point or a semi natural
Power Point big wow who cares man oh
that was a paw jump didn't actually get
the knock back could have got a model
otherwise he was going to go straight
for the second jump try and tight
attacks FC getting focus fired by the
IST will he land a frag grenade or an
impact grenade even boom nice impact
grenade there knocking the tax into the
interceptors can they get the model they
get a model can they get out without
losing a model they do nice engagement
there for
Alice be careful with this IC squad
though bloody getting a bit close there
oh and the FC goes down
wow really nice engagement there from
Alice a map control frankly isn't that
good for Alice isn't that good for deos
either so yeah looking good for Alice
right now now Alice has spent more
you've got an investment in the Demon
Hunter here quite an expensive armor
here you've got sge on the IST and you
have interceptors which cost more than a
setup team deed so we do see a lot more
of an investment for Alice only just
dropping only just finishing his final
gen now deos already going tier two
because of course he hasn't got well he
actually has the shotguns and he had the
power sword on the Force Commander so
he's got a bit of investment as well
shotgun is similar to the IST Sarge
Power sword is a little cheaper than
this actually might be quite a bit
cheaper than the fortitude and then
interceptors are quite a bit more
expensive than Dev so it does make sense
Alice only about 60 power
behind so not too
bad he will have a a period where he
probably can't counter a Razer back and
I would assume that on a big map like
this you would go for the Razer back it
is a very big map a walker would be
tough to use on it though there are
quite a lot of shot blockers so you can
definitely use a a walker but I would
prioritize a transport first you could
maybe get a walker later if you want
a let see what the plan is deos so far
just repurchasing the Force
Commander
okay all right going to shut down those
forces over
there unlocking higher level protocols
Alice finally going tier two deos just
saving up interesting he has no wreck
he's got a loot of power but no wreck
because he purchased that FC might have
been a mistake maybe you should have
waited for the FC repurchase maybe he
was worried about losing his
farm seems
unnecessary I think he would have been
fine upon us and we shall return it it's
quite a safe gen farmer this map very
close to the
base no model's taken out there on the
scouts and he does go for the Razer back
H yeah might might have been a little
bit of a mistake there repurchasing the
FC delaying this Razer back it's not
going to be out long for
now whilst Alice is in tier one they
will regret this it'll get a few seconds
but it probably won't even see
combat not bad look at this Rift te to
slow the scouts down turns the
interceptors around and uses his storm
bols to attack him
it is definitely something that you
should be using as an Nardo malas
player the utility of all your gry
Knights melee units been actually okay
en ranged with the stor bolters new UNS
are available if you don't use that
utility you are missing out on a portion
of the race
attack and as typically expected we have
the vindar Assassin who is a unit that
really irritates me as of late because
as you can see right now
it's not really a sub commander in
function it's just a really effective AV
unit because it's hard a
primarily but then when you kill the
vehicle you just load in your
anti-infantry rounds and you do
perfectly fine one of our under attack
it's because it's the sub Commander it's
only five pop which means the upkeep
burden for it is very low and also it's
single entity so it doesn't bleed so
it's just such a really efficient
purchase it's way more mobile than
getting a last Cannon it doesn't bleed
unlike a last Cannon Devastator setup
team and then unlike a Devastator last
Cannon it
is um it's effective against infantry
after you've killed the
vehicle even before you've killed the
vehicle it can be effective against
infantry it's really too overpowered for
the cost but to be honest in general I
don't really like the function of it I
think it's so stupid that we have this
situation where the counter to a Razer
back is buying a vindicare assassin you
shouldn't be buying a vindicare assassin
for a like I understand the vindicare
Assassin in the law can threaten
Vehicles that's fine but he shouldn't be
primarily uh an a purchase we do see the
bless icon right now which is quite
interesting no melee here right now so
the Razer literally just drove through
and for off the sniper which is very
Company of
Heroes he is getting the extended oper
ations or HP for and HP regen blessed
icon is a very interesting choice 2.5
speed buff for all allies in radius 15
at the cost of them doing 40% less
damage duration 10
seconds so I mean you can catch the
Razer back with it but the downside is
if you catch it too quick you're going
to do no
damage psychic ailment 30% more damage
in
range but he's too slow with changing
his ammo type he shouldn't have bothered
changing to the anti-infantry there for
the FC and that was a bit of a [__] up
for Alice just wasted his Global
really B Commander Retreats out there
doesn't want to fight
inceptors one of our
points now psychic sment is one
off going to open up fire again against
that Razer back only a default
back no upgrade on it you can see the
mobility of the razor back though even
against this very annoying AV unit with
it more Mobility it's very useful but
you can also see how this guy having the
mobility and not being like a last
Cannon is so useful puts on so much more
pressure when he can easily rotate
around the map trying to catch a reaz
back with a last cannon on this map
would be a nightmare take thece it is
possible especially when you have the
long range snare that you get on the
Demon Hunter with his rights of
exorcism but yeah with the vindicare he
doesn't really need it peration coming
out now I wonder if he's going to go for
silencers I would assume so it seems a
bit over the top to get a beamer which
is essentially the AO Malia La Cannon if
you've already got a vindicare I don't
think you need the Beamer just silencer
should be fine the silences are kind of
cool because they do good damage against
all Targets though right now with the
incinerator they're actually very nice
against against the librarian since
they've got that single Target snare and
damage they shutting down pretty nicely
might want to pick up some plasma guns
as well on the IST we'll
see did grab the GLA with his Demon
Hunter so he is now a fully fledged
melee hero 71.4 fre power melee DPS on
that dude with a tanky melee armor is
pretty good actually pretty damn good
our enemies have 200 points remaining FC
being annoying getting the Decap on the
natural wreck look at the VP situation
though really bad for deos and the demon
hun just legs it with a blessed
icon stalling out the Razer back could
probably just hide around the corner
here where's he hiding he's just running
the Razer back s slau to a Chas could
the Razer back not pass through there it
might not be able
to sizing of vehicles is pretty weird in
this game and I think he can no longer
see
it we don't want to get you Vare oh dear
swap to the m around he does have the S
Cannon should just left the side Cannon
to deal with the Devastators that was
quite
weird now he's got the wrong thing oh
he's shooting the Razer back with the
anti-infantry rounds loaded in silly
piano doesn't matter either way man
librarian charges into meley there i' ve
a Time on the devs as well if you didn't
notice
still active in fact but the Demon
Hunter is there to tie them
up he's trying to just bleed the
Infantry right now it seems
interesting death's just reinforcing but
yeah taking quite a lot of damage there
from the Demon Hunter nice that's good
bleed n wow they get the wipe holy
[__] wow I didn't expect the
wipe damn well that's good because
there's been quite a few instances where
those devs have actually
pushed the vindicare Assassin back and
right now yeah he's just focusing down
the Infantry which is pretty good
peration in green cover so they're not
taking that much damage from the Razer
back nice W they might be able to get
the
Scout
oh this is some big picks for Alice
research underway that's some really
nice picks for
him my
God wipes a grite model there though
does d that's something but the vind is
in once again needs to focus him
down oh he's going to lose it Razer back
didn't chase he can't chase psychic
assment on the pish and takes out the
Razer back
wow yeah don't underestimate yeah these
guys with psychic assment man they're
doing some real damage nice to see I
always like to see the scch is do well
they are not the most commonly used unit
they have the same AV damage if you
didn't know
as an auto cannon from chaos
so not crazy but uh yeah when you buff
the range by 30% and the Damage by 30%
it's pretty good it's pretty good as you
can see it takes out the razor back and
it helped WIP quite a lot of Space
Marine units
there nicely done again makes me
question deos going for a build that
doesn't involve ASM but there you have
it ASM of course as well the other side
effect of that is you've got a really
easy way to deal with any Rhino that the
the auto malas go for or perhaps more
relevant for this game of voltima Razer
back in tier three cuz you've got to
jump into the tracking melter bomb there
to snare it cuz all the problems that I
discussed before with dealing with a
transport as the um as the AO malas it's
the on this map it's the same problem as
Space Marines if you're dealing with a
tank and a vom a razor back is really
worse than a tank it's uh not quite got
the same durability but it's faster and
it's speed that's the problem you're not
going to catch it easily with a lazev he
does have the veil of time so he will be
able to I mean that will help a lot with
catching the V of Razer back but yeah
he's he's going to have to give it a go
the problem is he of course he lost his
Devastators so now he will have to
repurchase Devastators to get lasan
that's quite a lot of requisition he
chose to go for stard in the
meantime I think the one two of btim
into Terminators should G G deos out of
this game but we shall see I suppose if
he goes for ldevs gets lucky kills the
the Razer back and then he can go into a
dreadnut the dreadnut can handle
Terminators then he could maybe win it
damos but the fact that he's behind him
VPS makes it very hard for him though
he's done quite well to make a good bit
of VPS back right quite
recently nice play there Dodges The
Inferno from the force glave with
quickening which gives him about 4
seconds of knock back immunity and
massive damage
resistance see how they're fairing in
this engagement we've got the sacred
standard now for the Force Commander a
bit of an interesting choice really I
generally oh wow he just concedes the
emperor I was just going to say I like
to go the sacred standard when I've got
nice ranged positions which I guess he
kind of has he has the plasma gun and he
has Sterns right but yeah I mean he sees
the vmer razor back and he's like ah
[__] I'm too far behind in Tech which he
is like I say he needs the LZ Cannon Dev
but even with veil of time to support it
the problem is you've got interceptors
you've got a strike Squad you've got
this [__] with his Force glave who can
also make himself phase out meanwhile
you've got a SC Canon doing crazy damage
from range and this thing it's self does
really high single Target damage so it
will kill those Devastator models quite
fast and you've got vindicare assassin
shooting you like how are these guys
going to stay alive even with veil of
time it's going to be really hard so
yeah and then he needs a walker
afterwards cuz it's going to be
Terminators coming out for Alice yeah
it's uh it was not looking good for deos
there I think the were you know you
could play it out it's not other but I
don't know this was probably a series of
many different games and damos just
decided you know what uh I've had enough
of this one let's move
on trying to think what were the most
pertinent things here I guess deos
losing the Razer back
to that engagement was pretty bad but
the were two sources of Av so when
you're fighting two sources of Av you
will likely lose the Razer back at some
point but there wasn't a snare yet so he
maybe you could say that was a misplay
he shouldn't be losing the Razer back
unless there is also a snare to go along
with the two sources of B
but I think the biggest thing really is
going devs in tier one and not ASM you
could get devs in tier 2 if you want
them with the librarian I don't think
there's a problem with that but going
devs in tier one what did they do in
tier
one were they worth it in tier one over
ASM he got so then he also because he
went devastated he got to tier two
before piano but then he repurchased his
FC and delayed his own Razer back which
he had plenty of power Thor but he
didn't have the wreck because he lost
the FC so that's another another misplay
from deos either don't lose the FC or
okay you lost the FC but just get the
razor back first and repurchase the FC
later in tier
two he may argue that he needed the FC
to protect his farm I don't think that
was true but you guys can go back and
have a look just some food for f hope
you enjoyed that one folks topid signing
out
[Music]
n